-   Try new algorithm (test with TEST_MIX first):
    Select score probabilistically (the higher difference to weight the higher the chance to be selected).
    Create a set of N (e.g. 20) random actions (adding or removing ingredients or more radical actions).
    Select the best possible action from those N actions (action produces change, action increases selected score [or at least doesn't decrease it]; for the remaining options, if there are some that increase the total score [or doesn't decrease it], select the one that increases the selected score most, otherwise select the one that decreases the total score least).
-   Find better function to determine value of food items.
    See handwritten notes for gradient descent algorithm.
    Use that function to create diet plans that are then optimised (use existing algorithms; see notes below).
-   Try new algorithm for creating individuals: adding ingredients probabilistically until energy demand is reached, where probability depends on how much an additional portion makes scores worse.
-   Finish createOptimizationThread7() (see TODO; refactor).
-   Make adjustments until I get a useful diet plan for myself.
    Try diet plan.
    Adjust weights and prices.
    Adjust and add meal templates.
--- POC complete: Develop business.
-   Refactor code; remove unused code; improve threading with SwingWorker; see TODOs
-   Write tests (to test correctness but also execution time; avoid randomness; e.g. calculating requirements; use JUnit?)
-   Improve optimisation algorithm:
    Most experiments haven't shown significant improvements of the scores or convergence speed.
    What could be useful, is to focus on one score in each population, rather than on the total score in all of them.
-   Create user interface
-   Improve parameterisation, calculation of criteria (consider TODOs, "Ketogenic diets and physical performance.pdf", No-Meat-Athlete-Cheat-Sheet1.jpg, http://www.ewg.org/foodnews/list.php), etc.
-   About, warnings and information (calculation of requirements / meaning of limits, only a calculator, ask a professional, use organic products and ethical sources, water, water filter, different types of fat, heating fat, cholesterol, intermittent fasting [http://mysportsdconnect.com/category/sports-nutrition-podcast/])
-   Parallel computation
